[Music]
fifteen tricks to lose weight
effortlessly we all used to think that
weight loss requires a lot of hard work
however several studies have shown that
if we change some of our habits we can
lose those pounds easily and naturally
you're a several promising trick number
15 breathes deeply the breathing lowers
your cortisol levels a hormone which
regulates weight gain and stress in
addition by increasing the amount of
oxygen you breathe in you accelerate
your metabolism if you exhale faster
than normal you eliminate more carbon
dioxide causing the cells to use more
energy number 14 use vegetables for
breakfast breakfast provides 25 percent
of your daily energy needs it's the most
important meal of the day that
guarantees good intellectual and
physical performance judy Kowski a
writer tried starting her day with
vegetables for one month and the results
were amazing doctors say this helped her
feel full reduced her calorie intake in
other daily meals and improved her
intestinal transit number 13 sit up
straight
sitting up straight whether you're
working eating or watching a movie is an
excellent way to lose weight quickly
this simple habit reduces the cortisol
level in your body and requires more
energy than you think
number 12 eat spicy food
spicy foods contain capsaicin a
component which speeds up the fat
burning process in your body in addition
it lowers body fat since it naturally
stimulates the destruction of fat cells
moreover the consumption of spicy food
increases your metabolism by 20% for at
least 30 minutes during this period your
body will burn fat number 11
remove excess fat with a paper towel you
can't give up fried or oily foods at
least reduce the number of calories they
contain all you need is a paper towel it
absorbs excess fat so that you can eat
your favourite food but with are fewer
calories number 10 eat in front of a
mirror it's a proven fact that if you
see yourself ingesting food and eat less
next time you have lunch put a mirror in
front of you so that you're aware of
every single bite you put in your mouth
this will help you avoid overeating
number 9 take the stairs take the stairs
instead of the elevator according to the
University of New Mexico climbing two
floors a day can help you lose up to six
pounds per year she finds explores next
year you can become 17 pounds lighter
great results with minimum effort number
pick up strength training experts say
the strength workouts are more effective
than any other fat burning workouts
start with light weights and gradually
increase the intensity however don't put
too much strain on your muscles and
joints to avoid injury
number 7 drink water before each meal
drinking two large glasses of water
before each meal helps you avoid
overeating this habit makes you feel
fuller so you eat less it also helps
prevent binge eating and frees up your
metabolism as a result your body burns
more calories number 6 walk more
[Music]
walking is the perfect exercise for
weight loss you can burn up to 255
calories per hour if you go for a slow
walk up to 391 calories per hour with a
brisk walk so invest more time in your
health and avoid taking the bus number 5
do stretches flexibility allows you any
physical activity that you can think of
the more flexible you are if your
injuries you get while exercising yoga
is an excellent option and you can
practice it before any other physical
exercise it's beneficial for your health
and it also burns lots of calories
number 4 use a small plate a small plate
full of food is an infallible tricks
enroll your brain it will think there is
plenty of food and we receive a signal
of satiation much earlier even if your
plate is only full of vegetable play
this trick say your brain gets used to
it number 3 eat slowly
when you choose slow that you're giving
your brain enough time to receive that
satiate a signal it helps you avoid
overeating thus reducing your calorie
intake number 2 and while waiting stand
while waiting for the train or the bus
to arrive when you're standing your body
burns 50 calories per hour more than if
you're seated number 1 take a hot bath
researchers from luebero NY kevser
universities have found that taking a
hot bath burns the same amount of
calories as a 30 minute walk so what are
you waiting for
go ahead and draw yourself a nice hot
bath so which trick are you going to try
let us know in the comments below give
this video a thumbs up and if you're
visiting our channel for the first time
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]